README: grammar improvements (#199)
Mic92/nixpkgs-review: README.md

```

This will first evaluate & build all pull requests in serial.
Then a nix-shell will be opened for each of them after the previous
shell has been closed.

Tip: Since it's hard to keep track of the numbers, for each opened

> shell also the corresponding pull request url is showed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shell the corresponding pull request URL is shown.
```
